SOFTWARE LICENSE

System for Population Kinetics Analysis (SPK) Software © 1999-2008, 
University of Washington.  All rights reserved.

The System for Population Kinetics Analysis (SPK) software was developed by the
University of Washington’s Resource Facility for Population Kinetics, through
support from the National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering
(NIBIB) at the United States National Institutes of Health (NIH). The SPK
software is licensed by the University of Washington under the BSD License, with
additional terms as appended.

BSD License
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

	       * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
                 notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

	       * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
                 copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
                 disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
                 with the distribution.

	       * Neither the name of the University of Washington nor the names
                 of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
                 derived from this software without specific prior written
                 permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Additional Terms  

1. You agree to include the following acknowledgement in any of your
publications resulting from your use the SPK software.

The System for Population Kinetics Analysis (SPK) software was developed by the
University of Washington’s Resource Facility for Population Kinetics, and
supported by NIH/NIBIB grant P41 EB 001975.

2. You acknowledge the right of the University of Washington and its licensees
to develop, use, and redistribute modifications or improvements to the SPK
software that may be substantially similar to Your modifications or improvements
of the SPK software, and that the University of Washington and its licensees
shall not be constrained in any way by You with respect to use or redistribution
of such modifications or improvements.  If You obtain intellectual property
protection for any of Your modifications or improvements to the software, You
agree not to allege or enjoin infringement of Your intellectual property by the
University of Washington and its licensees.
